Jump up and down as high as you can go for a full minute.
Text me the first word that comes to mind.
Post an old selfie on your Instagram story.
Drink a glass of water while upside down.
Do 30 situps.
Cut some of your hair, even if it is just a small strand.
Chew a piece of gum with the wrapper still on.
Make a sandwich blindfolded.
Go outside and eat a leaf.
What is a silly fact about you? Whatever it is, post it on Facebook.
Attempt to do a magic trick and take a video of it.
Do four cartwheels in a row.
Break two eggs on your head.
Put five ice cubes down your pants.
Lick the floor.
Dance with no music for 2 minutes.
Text your last boyfriend or girlfriend a picture of your toe.
Juggle 3 random items.
Make a funny face and send a picture of it.
Drag your butt on the carpet like a dog from one end of the room to the other.
Send the funniest picture of you on your phone.
Try to lick your elbow.
Howl like a dog for one minute.
Style your hair in a funny way and take a picture of it.
Eat a spoonful of ketchup.
Eat a whole piece of paper.
Spin around 10 times and try to walk straight.
Dig through the trash and then name everything you find.
Sing a song while eating spoonfuls of peanut butter.
Make a sandwich while blindfolded.
Turn your pants inside out and wear them.
Lick your big toe.
Try to do the full splits.
Do your best yodel.
Wear your pants on your arms for the rest of the game.
What is an embarrassing fact about you? Whatever it is, post it on Facebook.
Do the worm dance.
Take a shower with your clothes on.
Eat a snack without using your hands.
Try to fit your fist in your mouth.
Stick your hand in the toilet.
Fill your mouth with water and act as a fountain.
Eat a booger.
Chug a glass of milk.
Put as many grapes in your mouth as you can.
Wear your underwear on your head for five minutes.
Seductively eat a banana.
Pole dance with an imaginary pole.
Twerk for a minute.
Send a sexy text to the 20th person in your contact list.
Do 20 pushups and shout my name with each one.
Explain exactly what turns you on about your favorite body part.
Talk to your hand like you’re making a game plan to sleep with someone else who is in the room.
Spin an imaginary hula hoop around your waist for 30 seconds.
Tell something you DO want me to know.
Send the most recent text that you sent your mom.
Take 5 minutes and write a love poem to me
Send me a screenshot of your recent searches
Read me the first text in your text thread
Put all your clothes on backwards
Do your best foreign accent
Act like a cat