What is your biggest pet peeve?
Are you a dog person or a cat person and why?
What is your favorite board game?
What is the weirdest thing that you have ever eaten?
What is your darkest fear?
What is your biggest regret?
Who is your crush?
What are you most self-conscious about?
What lie have you told that actually hurt someone?
What is the scariest dream that you’ve ever had?
Why did you break up with your last boyfriend or girlfriend?
What do you look for in a boyfriend or girlfriend?
Who have you loved, but they didn’t love you back?
What do you really hope your parents never find out about?
When was the last time you lied?
When was the last time you cried?
What is a secret that you’ve never told anyone?
What is the biggest mistake you’ve ever made?
What is the most trouble you’ve been in?
What is the meanest thing anyone has ever done to you?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
What is your favorite childhood memory?
Who is your secret crush?
If you suddenly had the power of invisibility, what would you do?
If you could have one superpower what would it be?
Are you scared of the dark?
Do you write in a diary?
What is your crush’s personality like?
What do you find the most attractive in a person?
What do you find the least attractive in a person?
What is your greatest fear in a relationship?
How long was your longest relationship?
How do you think other people perceive you?
Do you believe in fate?
Do you believe in soulmates?
Do you believe in karma?
What do you do for fun?
What is the worst advice that you have ever received?
What is the worst thing in your life right now?
What was the strangest dream you have ever had?
What is the craziest thing you have ever done before?
What is a silly fun fact about yourself?
Tell me about your most awkward date.
What would you do if you were the opposite sex for a month?
What is one of the most childish things you still do?
What is the goofiest thing that you have an emotional attachment to?
What is the weirdest thing you have done for a boyfriend or girlfriend?
Have you ever lied to get out of a bad date?
What are some things you think about when you are sitting on the toilet?
Do you pee in the shower?
What animal best represents you?
Have you ever gotten really drunk and done anything silly?
What is the dumbest thing that you have ever done?
When is the last time you did something embarrassing and what was it?
Have you ever peed yourself? If so, when?
Have you ever pooped yourself? If so, when?
When have you got caught in a lie?
What is your most embarrassing vomit story?
What is the biggest thing that you’ve gotten away with?
Where is the strangest place you have peed?
What is the most embarrassing thing that your parents have caught you doing?
When was the most inappropriate time that you farted?
What is the grossest habit that you have?
What is the most embarrassing nickname that you have had?
What was the last thing you searched on your phone?
Have you ever walked in on your parents having sex?
Do you pick your nose?
Do you ever talk to yourself in the mirror?
?
Do you ever talk in your sleep or sleep walk?
When was a time that you embarrassed yourself in front of your crush?
Have you ever regretted something you did in order to get a crush’s attention?
What was your weirdest habit as a kid?
What are your top three turn-ons?
Who was your first kiss?
What was your strangest sex dream?
Who is the last person you had sex with?
Which famous married couple would you like to have a threesome with?
What is your ideal romantic Valentine’s night?
Which friend’s boyfriend do you think is the cutest?
Have you ever had sex with a random person?
Who in our friend group has the nicest butt?
Who is the last person you made out with?
What is the naughtiest thing that you’ve done in public?
Describe your most recent romantic encounter.
What is your biggest sexual fantasy?
What turns you on?
How old were you when you first masturbated?
Do you have any fetishes?
What do you search for when you watch porn?
How many people have you kissed?
Would you ever date two people at once if you could get away with it? (not cheating, just casually date).
Have you ever sent someone a nude?
Have you ever received nudes?
What’s the most flirtatious thing you’ve ever done?
Have you ever flashed someone?
Have you ever been in a “friends with benefits” situation?
Have you ever practiced kissing in a mirror?
What color and kind of underwear are you wearing right now?
Have you ever had sex in a public place?
How flirty do you think you are around people?
What do you do when you flirt?
How many people have you slept with?
Do you have a name for your special places?
What’s your main romantic fantasy?
What’s your favorite body part on yourself? On your partner?
Which movie star do you think is the hottest?
How many women have you kissed?
How would you rate my looks on a scale of 1 to 10?
Have you ever cheated?
Do you sleep without your clothes?
Have you ever cried because of me?
Who here are you most jealous of?
Do you secretly enjoy getting dominated in bed?
Who is the one person you most regret kissing?
Have you ever seen me nude in a dream? Describe what we did, word by word.
Have you ever had an exciting dream about me?
What’s the biggest turn-on to you while making out with someone?
If I looked in your nightstand/under your bed, what would I find?
Have you ever had sexual fantasies about me?
Do you love me? How much?
What’s something I did that you didn’t expect?
What would you buy me if I gave you 50 dollars?
Would you take a shower with me?
Did you ever have a crush on a teacher?
What is one thing that gets you hot and bothered every time?
Do you trim down there?
Do you enjoy it when I kiss on your neck?
Do you have any interesting fetishes?
What do you love about me the most?
What’s the most romantic thing you’ve ever done, or that someone has done for you?
What’s something you find sexy that you think most other people don’t?
What did you think of me when you first met me?
If I went through your room, what would I be shocked to find?
If you were here right now, what would you want to do?
Who’s the one that got away?
What makes you feel happiest?
Have you skinny-dipped in a pool?
If I kissed you, would you kiss me back?
What’s the farthest you’ve gone on a first date?
What’s the scariest thing you’ve ever done?
Has anyone accidentally seen you naked?
Have you ever been in love?
What is your opinion of hickies?
What’s something that you always wanted to say to me but couldn’t?
What color underwear are you wearing right now?
Have you ever flashed someone?
Have you ever wore someone else’s underwear?
What is the most embarrassing gift you have ever gotten?
Have you ever practice kissing?
When did you act the most childish in your life?
Describe your last dream you had
Have you ever stalked someone on social media?